) What is the basic structure of a C++ program?
) What are the Comments in C++?
) Difference between Declaration and Definition of a variable.
) Comment on Local and Global scope of a variable.
) What is the precedence when there is a Global variable and a Local variable in the program with the same name?
) When there is a Global variable and Local variable with the same name, how will you access the global variable?
) How many ways are there to initialize an int with a Constant?
) What is a Constant? Explain with an example.
) How do you define/declare constants in C++?
) Comment on Assignment Operator in C++.
) What is the difference between equal to (==) and Assignment Operator (=)?
) What are the various Arithmetic Operators in C++?
) What are the various Compound Assignment Operators in C++?
) State the difference between Pre and Post Increment/Decrement Operations.
) What are the Extraction and Insertion operators in C++? Explain with examples.
) What is the difference between while and do while loop? Explain with examples.
) What is a Static Variable?
) What is a Class?
) Difference between Class and Structure.
) What is the difference between an Object and a Class?
) What are the various Access Specifiers in C++?
) What is a Constructor and how is it called?
) What is a COPY CONSTRUCTOR and when is it called?
) What is a Default Constructor?
) What is the role of Static keyword for a class member variable?
) Explain the Static Member Function.
) Explain Function Overloading and Operator Overloading.
) What is the difference between a Copy Constructor and an Overloaded Assignment Operator?
) Name the Operators that cannot be Overloaded.
) Function can be overloaded based on the parameter which is a value or a reference. Explain if the statement is true.
) What are the benefits of Operator Overloading?
) What is Inheritance?
) What are the advantages of Inheritance?
) Does C++ support Multilevel and Multiple Inheritances?
) What are Multiple Inheritances (virtual inheritance)? What are its advantages and disadvantages?
) What is Polymorphism?
) What are Virtual Functions?
) Give an example of Run-time Polymorphism/Virtual Functions.
) What do you mean by Pure Virtual Functions?
) What are Virtual Constructors/Destructors?
) What is a friend function?
) What is a friend class?
) What is a template?
) What do you mean by ‘void’ return type?
) Explain Pass by value and Pass by reference.
) What are Default Parameters? How are they evaluated in C++ function?
) What is an Inline function in C++?
) Why are arrays usually processed with for loop?
) State the difference between delete and delete[].
) What's the order in which the objects in an array are destructed?
) What is a Reference Variable in C++?
) What is a Storage Class? Mention the Storage Classes in C++.
) Explain Mutable Storage class specifier.
) What is the keyword auto for?
) Enlist benefits of oop.
) Explain applications of oop.
) Describe the structure to represent data and functions in oop progrmas.
) Explain message pasing features in oop using examples.
) Explain dynamic binding in oop and its benefits.
) Explain dynamic initialization of variable using example.
) Describe uses of enumeration data types with example.
) Define reference variable and explain types of array.
) expalin detais type compatibility.
) Explain manipulators using example.
) Explain in brief type Cast operator.
) Explain identifire and constants in details.
) Explain the concepts of objects,classes and data abstractions.
) Explain the concepts of inheritance,polymorphism and dynamic binding.
) describr the structure of c++ programs.
) Define array and explain types of array.
) Explain classifications of data types in c++.
) List and explain tokens in c++ programming.
) List and explain operator used in c++.
) Define expressions and explain types of expressions.
) Write down syntax of while loop and do while loop.
) Explain classification of control structures.
) Enlist advantages of function prototyping.
) Explain function  prototyping using examples.
) describr the different styles of writing function prototyping.
) Explain in details passing the argument.
) Explain nesting of member functions.
) List and explain advantages of inline functions.
) Expalin features of inline functions in details.
) Define class and expaluin general form of class.
) justify data hiding and accomplished by class.
) Describe creating objects of a class.
) Describing accesssing member of class.
) Describe the mechanism of making and outside function inline.
) Explain the characteristics of static member function.
) Explain the static data members ares shared using examples.
) Explain how static member functions are shared using exaples.
) list characteristics of friend functions.


